yo problem you're freaking also I see
your videos on YouTube you're fucking
fucking hellhole hand down man I saw you
I saw your new ends up youtube video
that just came out making our senior
your fellow hunter bro fucking awesome
it's all right you're awful so as you
guys could hear that was one of my fans
that I actually got a chance to play
with completely by random i mean i
joined this lobby around two days ago on
call of duty black ops i had a little
gaming session and there he was so do it
if you're watching this this one goes
out to you thank you for watching my
videos and yeah I promised him that I
would upload this gameplay still a
pretty solid gameplay i have to say that
was for my session with the stakeout so
i hope you guys enjoy and I mean getting
recognized even once I mean I am
flattered to the most extent I mean I'm
literally whenever I'm like recognized I
am just like speechless because it's
insane it to me it's it's insane that
people actually you know I don't say
like my content but that they just
really enjoy it and it brings joy to my
heart to see that and that's where my
question of the day comes for you guys
my question of the day to you for today
for this thursday is what keeps you what
what keeps you coming back to watch my
videos whenever I upload and the reason
why I asked I asked a similar question
last year regarding how did you guys
actually find me you know on YouTube and
stuff like that but this time around I'm
really interested to what what makes me
I guess somewhat I guess enjoyable to
watch what makes you keep coming back to
my videos and I really want to know I
mean just be honest with me if you know
I it's because of my accent because you
I guess you like it or you can't have a
laugh at it it doesn't matter i just
want to know how do you guys why do you
guys keep coming back because my view to
subscribe a ratio literally skyrocketed
beyond three
beyond comprehension this past month and
I was just took by such a huge surprise
that I literally did not know what the
hell was happening and I didn't know how
to react so I was I mean I wasn't
expecting that I only have forty
thousand subscribers but holy crap are
these subscribers amazing I mean you
guys take the time to keep watching my
videos um keep living your opinions and
that's the biggest reward to me from
this whole YouTube thing are you guys's
comments I mean from the first moment
that I started doing YouTube when I
first gained like the first 50
subscribers and the first 100
subscribers I freaked out I was like I
always imagined a room full of people
like a room full of 100 people me
standing in front of them and doing what
I do like let's say a live gameplay in
front of a hundred people I would
probably piss myself in front of 10
people let her alone a hundred and this
timer around let alone 40,000 I mean
every comment that I that I read because
I read every single comment you gotta
see it this way that it's an individual
behind that screen individual that
either critiques you and you have to I
mean you have to take it I take
constructive criticism rather well
either likes your content or doesn't but
it's an individual you cannot treat
people like they don't I guess like
they're not human on youtube because
that's not how it is behind that
nickname behind that avatar is another
human being so that's pretty much how I
look at it so whenever I do these
commentaries imagine I don't know a
soccer stadium football stadium filled
with 40,000 people you in the middle on
the pitch and you just do your thing you
just do your commentary what the hell I
mean that's that's just fantastic and
I'm really astonished to this day I
can't get over the fact that whenever
I'm in a lobby and whenever I get
recognized it's just this I mean I'm
flattered to such an extent that I don't
know what to say I mean I literally
don't know what to say
and I promised you guys that I'm going
to make a new account so that I can play
with you I'll have some open lobbies and
as you guys can see the entire enemy
team rage quit so excuse me I had a burp
there I don't know if it picked up but I
can hold it in so I am gonna going to
make a separate PS PSN so that I could
play with you guys and we can I guess
you know communicate better so I promise
you that and and just keep delivering
your content and and hopefully I will
not disappoint you guys all this hard
work and dedication to this channel
because this is a hobby paid off with a
fantastic fan base that always has my
back and I couldn't want anything more
from this whole YouTube scene then then
you guys I mean again I don't have
100,000 subscribers I don't have 80
thousand subscribers but I have 40,000
strong subscribers that always be
feedback always have something to say
and I guess always come back to watch my
channel so i hope you guys enjoyed this
video again shout out to this dude in
the video if you liked this commenter
please give it a thumbs up enter the
common question of the day which will be
in the description and i will see you
guys next time walking off the road did
you big city we instill fear
Oh